

<pre><code>
git clone git://github.com/lucasallan/vimfiles.git ~/.vim
</pre></code>

Then 'cd' into the repo and run this to get the snippets submodule:

<pre><code>
git submodule init
git submodule update
</code></pre>

Now just copy (or symlink) the .vim/vimrc file as .vimrc (Mac/Linux)
or copy as _vimrc (Windows) in your home directory. In Mac and Linux, the 
easiest thing to do is:

<pre><code>
ln -s ~/.vim/vimrc ~/.vimrc
</pre></code>


h2. Dependencies

You will need these dependencies figured out:

* Ruby (for the fuzzy finder plugin)
* Exuberant Ctags (http://ctags.sourceforge.net/)
* Ncurses-term (in Linux only)

In Ubuntu, for example, you will have to do:

<pre><code>
apt-get install exuberant-ctags ncurses-term
</code></pre>


h1. IMPORTANT: Command-T

The latest version replaces the old Fuzzy Finder with a new one called 
"Command-T" form wincent.com. I've replaced the old "Command-T" key 
binding that used to open new tabs and assigned it to this new plugin
so it behaves the same as Textmate.

You may have problems in Mac/Linux because this plugin requires a native
extension, so you will have to do this:

<pre><code>
cd ~/.vim/bundle/Command-T/ruby/command-t
ruby extconf.rb
make
</pre></code>

This means that you need to have your Ruby source files and GCC also 
installed. A binary for Windows is already bundled so it should just
work. I've also included a binary compiled for Ruby Enterprise Edition,
but if you are using other Ruby distros, you will need to recompile.


h2. Learn Vim

Visit the following sites to learn more about Vim:

* http://vimcasts.org

There are many sites teaching Vim, if you know of any other that are easy
to follow for newcomers, let me know.

h2. Credits

* Original project and most of the heavy lifting: @scrooloose
* All the cool plugins for Rails, Cucumber and more: @timpope
* Great Command-T plugin by: Wincent
* Hacks and some snippets: @akitaonrails
